
Erico Lima Schuch

eschuch@gmail.com

bit.ly/m/eschuch


* I got into technology and started programming in Applesoft Basic back
  in the 80's, but I only got paid in the 90's :)
  I like Bash scripting a lot, but I've used C#, Java, Python, TCL, PHP
  and a few more obscure things like Clarion.
  As an individual with  ADHD,  I  excel  at  finding  cause-and-effect
  relationships in complex  scenarios:  a  skill  that  has  fueled  my
  passion for testing.


* Technical Skills
    Test Automation: Selenium, NUnit
    Programming Languages: Bash C#, Python, TCL
    CI/CD: GitLab Pipelines
    Framework and Libraries: NUnit
    Others: Terraform, Agile methodologies

* Higher Education:
     Information Technology

* Languages
     English :   Exchange in the United States to improve fluency.
     Portuguese: I'm Brazilian

* Professional experience

  Information Security Analyst, Softnex
    (October 2022 - Present)

    In compliance with the PCI-DSS and  LGPD  regulations,  I  maintain
    the security and operation of applications of card payment systems.
    Technologies: Terraform, Bash, Python, low-level debugging tools.

  Supervisor, ATPlus / Platon
    (April 2021 - October 2022)

    Responsible for automating  processes  and  delivering  changes  to
    legacy software. Software development and quality analysis.  Create
    indication of KPIs and standardization of process.
    Technologies: GitLab pipelines for CI/CD.

  Network Analyst, GVT / Telefonica / Alvo
    (August 2013 - March 2021)

    Maintenance and testing of telecommunications networks with a focus
    on equipment and systems. Application  of  regressive,  integration
    and automation tests in telecommunication systems  just  like  with
    software.
    Technologies: IPv6, DNS servers, SIP, BGP, Huawei, Cisco, Citrix.

  Quality Analyst (QA), Stefanini / Dell
    (August 2012 - July 2013)

    Creation and execution of integration and regression  test  scripts
    for applications that interact with the financial system in COBOL.
    With an international team: USA, England, India and Australia.
    Technologies: Bash, TCL, Jmeter

  Test Analyst, NDDigital
    (November 2008 - July 2012)

    Development test automation with C#, NUnit, Selenium, and Autoit.
    It brought tools such as Bromine and Testlink to the company.
    Reduction of test environment assembly time with development in  C#
    of  "mini-Sefaz":  A  mock  that  simulate  the  Sefaz  WebService,
    facilitated regressive and functional tests.
    I also  developed  test  automation  for  the  application's  core,
    testing thousands of test cases in hours, not weeks.
    Participation  in   integrations  with  critical  systems  such  as
    Transpetro and Grupo Pão de Açúcar.

  Other experiences
    (2001 - 2012)

    Technology Consultant at ENS Open.
    Infrastructure Analyst at SPPS Provedora.
    
    
-----------------------------------//----------------------------------
